Thanks for the detailed explanation — I understand the risks you mentioned and they are valid. However, I think many of these risks can be significantly reduced through careful design decisions. The goal would not be full automation, but rather an assisted posting workflow, where the user is always involved.

Here is how I would approach it:

1. Human-in-the-loop model (ToS risk reduction)
The extension would not fully automate posting. Instead:

Aura → opens the composer
Extension → inserts the generated text and optional image
User → manually clicks Post

So the extension acts as a writing assistant, not a bot that posts automatically.

2. Reduce automation detection risk
To avoid bot-like behavior:

Simulate natural typing instead of instant text insertion

Add small random delays before actions

Scroll elements into view before interacting

Use normal browser events

Example behavior:

type text character-by-character

wait ~0.5–2 seconds before clicking

trigger normal DOM events

3. Handle DOM changes more robustly

Instead of relying on a single selector, the extension can use multiple fallbacks:

[data-testid="tweetTextarea"]
[role="textbox"]
div[contenteditable="true"]

If one fails, the next is used.

Additionally, the extension can detect elements dynamically using:

contenteditable

aria-labels

structural patterns

Chrome extensions can also be updated quickly if something changes.

4. Chrome Web Store compliance

The extension would be positioned as an AI writing assistant, not an automation tool.

Example positioning:

Aura AI Social Assistant

Capabilities:

generate replies

insert text suggestions

help attach images

The user still decides when to post.

Permissions would also remain minimal:

activeTab
storage
scripting

No aggressive permissions like:

webRequest
tab capture

5. Start with limited features

The first version would only support:

replying to a tweet

posting a tweet

attaching an image

Not:

auto follow

auto like

bulk automation

This keeps the system much more stable.

6. Optional extension (reduce onboarding friction)

Aura would still work without the extension.

Users could always do:

Generate reply
→ Copy
→ Paste on X

The extension simply enables one-click posting.

7. Media upload integration

Images from the Aura Media Vault can be downloaded by the extension:

fetch(imageUrl)

and then uploaded through the platform's file input. This approach is generally reliable.

8. Long-term architecture

The ideal model is likely a hybrid system:

Aura Web App
│
├ AI / Viral Engine
├ Composer
├ Media Vault
│
├ Posting mode 1 → Browser extension (default)
└ Posting mode 2 → API (future premium)

This allows:

free users → extension posting

premium users → API posting

Conclusion

You’re right that there are risks with the extension approach, but they can be mitigated with the design choices above.

For Aura specifically, the strongest architecture seems to be:

Aura dashboard (AI + discovery)
+
Aura browser extension (posting)
+
API later for premium features

This keeps costs low initially while still allowing the product to scale later.