We are continuing development on the existing Aura browser extension. The extension already supports Threads scanning and AI reply generation. I want to extend the system with two parallel detection systems for early commenting opportunities on Threads.

The goal is to detect new posts as quickly as possible, especially from creators the user follows, and also identify very new posts in the For You feed.

Please implement the following additions without breaking the existing extension architecture.

1. Creator Monitor (Followed Creators)

Aura should constantly monitor a watchlist of creators and detect when they publish a new post.

The extension should:

maintain a list of tracked creators

periodically check their Threads profile page

detect when a new post appears

send a browser notification

Polling interval should be about 45 seconds.

Detection flow:

fetch profile page
↓
parse HTML
↓
extract first post link
↓
compare with stored last post id
↓
if different → new post detected

Example profile URL format:

https://www.threads.net/@username

The system should store the last detected post ID for each creator in chrome.storage.local.

When a new post is detected:

Show a notification like:

🔥 New post from @creator
Posted just now
Reply early

Clicking the notification should open the post.

2. For You Feed Scanner

At the same time, Aura should scan the Threads For You feed when the user is on Threads.

The content script should:

detect posts in the DOM

extract timestamp information

calculate post age

detect posts uploaded within the last 5 minutes

If a post is younger than 5 minutes, mark it as an early opportunity.

Example UI overlay:

⚡ Early Post
Age: 2m
Reply opportunity

The scanner should run:

when the page loads

when the user scrolls

periodically (every ~10 seconds)

3. Duplicate Detection

The system should avoid analyzing the same post multiple times.

Use an in-memory cache such as:

seenPosts = Set()

Before analyzing a post:

if postId already in seenPosts → skip
4. Performance Considerations

The system should be lightweight and avoid unnecessary work.

Creator polling:

every 45 seconds

Feed scanning:

every 10 seconds
or triggered by scroll

Avoid aggressive polling to prevent rate limits.

5. Integration

Both systems should run simultaneously:

Creator Monitor → detects new posts from followed creators
Feed Scanner → detects early posts from any creator

When an opportunity is detected, Aura should:

highlight the post

optionally trigger the AI reply generator already built in the extension.

Goal

The result should allow Aura users to:

get notified immediately when creators they follow post

detect very early posts in the Threads feed

comment before the comment section becomes crowded.