Add a feature to the existing Aura browser extension that allows the extension to automatically collect and track the accounts the user follows on both X (Twitter) and Threads.

The goal is to avoid manual input of creators and instead populate the Creator Monitor automatically.

Feature description:

When the user opens their following list page on either X or Threads, the Aura extension should detect this page and extract the list of accounts the user follows directly from the DOM.

Platform pages:

X
https://x.com/[username]/following

Threads
https://www.threads.net/@[username]/following

Workflow:

The user opens their following list on X or Threads.

The Aura content script detects that the user is on a following page.

The extension scrolls the page gradually to load more accounts (since both platforms load following lists dynamically).

For every loaded account, the extension extracts:

username / handle

profile URL

The extension stores the usernames in:

chrome.storage.local

Example structure:

trackedCreators: {
  threads: ["creator1","creator2","creator3"],
  x: ["creatorA","creatorB","creatorC"]
}

These creators are automatically added to the Creator Monitor system that already exists in the extension.

The background service worker will then periodically check these profiles for new posts using the existing Creator Monitor polling system.

Polling workflow:

load profile page
↓
find newest post ID
↓
compare with cached ID
↓
if different → new post detected
↓
send browser notification

Additional requirements:

Avoid duplicates when adding creators.

Limit the number of tracked creators if needed (for example max 200).

Allow users to remove creators manually from the popup UI.

Store creators persistently so the list remains after browser restart.

Optional improvement:

Add a button that appears when the user is on a following page:

"Import Following List"

When clicked, Aura begins scanning the page and importing the creators automatically.

Goal:

Aura should be able to build a creator tracking list automatically from the user’s following list, allowing the extension to monitor those profiles for new posts and notify the user so they can comment early.